BUG: boxplot does not work when data has datetime column (#27846)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

-
-

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.plot` when ``kind='box'`` and data contains datatime column (:issue:`22799`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.plot` when ``kind='box'`` and data contains datatime column (:issue:`22799`)

```

(missing new line)

Author: thanks, added!

- Bug in :meth:`Series.plot` not able to plot boolean values (:issue:`23719`)
-

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.plot` when ``kind='box'`` and data contains datatime column (:issue:`22799`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.plot` when ``kind='box'`` and data contains datetime or timedelta data. These types are now automatically dropped (:issue:`22799`)
```

Author: Thanks for taking a look! Updated! @TomAugspurger
